## Homelessness In The United States

A problem faced by many states today is homelessness. The goal of this analysis is to find relationships between homelessness and other specific features states poses. Features will be provided for all 50 states over the range of 2007 to 2020. These features include, but are not limited to: number of homeless individuals, average hourly wage, average annual salary, total employment, total unemployment, cost of living, total population, tax rate, located on a coast or not. 

The first impact hypothesis of this analysis will be to determine if relationships can be found between homelessness and features of states. Next will be to determine if there are steps that states can take to try to reduce the population of homeless people based on trends found in these relationships. This hypothesis is fallible. Homelessness is a very hard problem to solve and the features under investigation are hard to alter in a short period of time. The path to success for this analysis will be the creation of a 5 year plan for state governments to follow to reduce homlessness within their specific states. 

Data for this project is located on many different government sites and time is required to pull everything together. The data is averaged for every state and might not be representative of certain populations(e.g., specific counties in Los Angeles versus the State of California). Currently the goal is to find useful relationships in the data, but the likelihood of these relationships is still in question. I am open to suggestions of different features that might be considered helpful in answering this goal.
